with so much news about new crossover
in Brazil you can not forget about models
interesting and arrived before
This is the case with the Peugeot 3008
updates for 2016 line
3008 is not one of the next governments
more traditional here in Brazil
because he arrived practically at the turn
from 2010 to 2011 or the model still
somewhat recent but it still follows
much in tune with his proposal to
mix different styles and now with
some news for the 2016 line that
check this week
the last stir in 3008 was small
happened last year from outside the
Front Won Grille with Chrome Edge
horizontal fillets in the center and
headlamps will now have lights
daytime running lights on the rear also new
lanterns with led lights
how good 3008 crossover works well in
family side with a generous space
top finish
panoramic roof a great offer of
and a complete system
multimedia with computer information
board and gps
weak point is the screen that despite being
retractable do not yet have
Touch
In compensation the trunk is very
versatile
the floor can be divided and can be divided
in up to three levels
but if the question is the sportsmanship
3008 pleases explores the concept of
cockpit with the environment well defined only
for the driver a different panel with
buttons that remind you of an airplane command
of the display editor that collaborates a lot
with safety in driving to
complete uses 1.6 turbo engine
165 horsepower has been accompanying
automatic transmission of six
speeds but at that point it's true
3008 already deserved letters for exchanges
manuals on the steering wheel and have to
208 small already offers
but despite still betting on the same
visual proposal of 3008 to pj secured a
reinforcement only on another tip
has improved the list of
series are six new items banks in
integral leather with central heating
multimedia with rearview mirror camera
Electrically folding rearview mirror
internal electrochromic side curtains
in the rear doors and the new wheels
diamonds of 17 inches
along with the reinforcement of equipment
the bean 3008 also brought a readjustment in the
price offered with three color options
gray aluminum black pearl and black
white in creed has no optional
the 3008 won important series items
there reinforced a list that was already well
interesting but it is also true that
he already deserves some more
comfort and connectivity for example and
that are already offered by pejô in
smaller brand models such as 208 and 2001